---
layout:
  title:
    visible: true
  description:
    visible: false
  tableOfContents:
    visible: true
  outline:
    visible: true
  pagination:
    visible: true
---

# Wallet Setup Guide

Explore the world of wallets supported by our platform and master their setup with ease:



1.  ### Keplr Wallet: Your Key to Crypto



    * **Installation**
      * Begin by downloading the Keplr extension.
      * Once installed, effortlessly manage your browser extensions and pin Keplr to your toolbar.
    * **Creating a New Wallet**
      * Click on the Keplr icon.
      * Select "Create new account."
      * Safeguard your mnemonic seed phrase, your ticket to accessing your funds. Name your wallet and add a secure password.
      * Click on "Register" to celebrate the creation of your account.
    *   **Connecting to our Website/App:**

        * Connect your Keplr wallet with a single click in the top right corner, and your funds will seamlessly integrate with the platform, ready for your gaming pleasure.


2.  ### Leap Wallet: Elevate Your Cosmos Experience



    * Downloading Leap Wallet:
      * Visit the official Leap Wallet website at [https://www.leapwallet.io/](https://www.leapwallet.io/).
      * Download the wallet extension tailored for Cosmos networks.
    * Unlocking the Wallet Interface:
      *   After adding the wallet extension to your browser, the interface opens, revealing your options:

          * Create a new wallet.
          * Import a wallet from Keplr Wallet or Cosmostation.
          * Import an existing Leap Wallet using your private seed phrase.
          * Connect a hardware wallet.


3.  ### Ledger Wallet: Your Fortress of Security



    Opening Ledger Live:Launch the Ledger Live application and enhance your security journey.

    * **Step 1: Set up as New Device**:
      * Follow the setup instructions provided by Ledger Live and designate your Ledger wallet as a new device.
    * **Step 2: Choose Your PIN Code:**
      * Create and set a robust PIN code for your Ledger wallet, adding an extra layer of security.
    * **Step 3: Secure Your Recovery Phrase:**
      * Store your new 24-word recovery phrase generated by Ledger securely, as it's your lifeline for recovering your private keys. Your assets' safety depends on it.

